Gwen Stefani has a residency in Las
Vegas is an extended residency at the
Zappos theater she's there doing shows
until November 2nd and we got word that
she was in need of dancers for the show
it's a big production
it requires big talent and when the
notice went out we sent in the biggest
little ball of talent we know to try out
to be part of the just a girl tour
I feel like were like getting there like
I just won here have more of an edge see
you should go home bro I've got this hey
hi I'm here for the dancing jump so
you're here to audition honey our
audition I'm a legend here's my resume
and I hear you like better organic thank
you
Wow cool I mean he definitely has a
different look from anyone in our show
and that's that's a good thing
should I go over there I go over there
and warm up okay this is here Moe GUI
[Music]
wait wait a minute wait a minute
number 11 what what exactly are you
doing I'm down tonight no one is
watching okay he should start dancing
like everyone's watching oh that's a
good tip
[Music]
how did you get the address if I read
your number then you're gonna be dancing
in the show and if I don't
good luck to you in the future so here
we go number eight number three and
number five all right I basically like
tap the one girl's hair yeah yeah that
was boot
before I leave I want to tell you
something
i'ma not to be a great dancer but I have
a big heart a big belly a big butt and I
think you guys are making a big mistake
thank you
wait a minute you are on the team
I cannot believe they fell for that
speech
[Applause]
god help me
[Music]
[Applause]
that went real bad
I think it was bad
[Music]
thank you thank you thank you okay all
good thank you my show do I regret
hiring gear mouth absolutely I think
Wayne Stefani's mad at me but I tried my
best
well thanks to going so far if you like
that video click the subscribe button
but only if you're ready for commitment